`Web docs` - Updating banners to the `Callout` banner (#3095)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/table/table/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

    type="video/mp4"
  />
</video>

> !!! Callout

Reviewer: Why was this moved below the content? I'd either expect it under the heading "Intended interaction" or before the video. Having it under the video is odd, as the video is the least important item in the hierarchy.

> This documentation currently covers only fundamental multi-select table interactions. We're working to include more comprehensive patterns for handling actions when multiple rows are selected and how this impacts filtering and pagination within a data set. For questions or concerns, please reach out to [#team-design-systems](https://hashicorp.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C7KTUHNUS)

Reviewer: [nit, suggestion]
```suggestion
This example covers basic multi-select table interactions. We're working to include more complex patterns for handling actions when multiple rows are selected and how this impacts filtering and pagination within a data set. For questions or concerns, please reach out to [#team-design-systems](https://hashicorp.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C7KTUHNUS)
```
